.
>>> IT'S A HEART WRENCHING STORY
CNN HAS BEEN FOLLOWING, THE
FATHER OF AN 8-YEAR-OLD GIRL
SAID HE WAS RELIEVED WHEN HE WAS
TOLD HIS DAUGHTER WAS KILLED
BECAUSE HE BELIEVED BEING HELD
HOSTAGE WOULD BE A WORSE FATE
THAN DEATH.
ISRAELI OFFICIALS TELL HIM HIS
DAUGHTER WAS MOST LIKELY
KIDNAPPED AND IS STILL ALIVE IN
GAZA.
ED LAVANDERA JOINS US.
MY HEART SANK WHEN I SAW THIS
UPDATE.
WHAT ARE YOU HEARING FROM THE
FATHER RIGHT NOW?
>> Reporter: WELL, THOMAS HAND
SAYS THAT FAMILY AND FRIENDS CAN
ONLY CONSOLE HIM WITH A HUG AND
THE WORDS, THERE ARE NO WORDS.
BUT THOMAS HAND FOUND THE WORDS
WHEN HE SPOKE WITH US.
>> FROM THE MORNING OF THE 7th
UNTIL NOW IS A NIGHTMARE ROLLER
COASTER, TRAGEDY.
>> THE ANGUISHED THOMAS HAND HAS
LEFT HIM TREMBLING FOR WEEKS,
THE JOURNEY OF DEATH AND A HOPE
OF RESURRECTION, HE SAYS IS
IMPOSSIBLE TO IMAGINE.
>> ON THE DAY IT WAS RUSSIAN
ROULETTE WHETHER YOU MADE IT OR
NOT.
>> Reporter: ON OCTOBER 7th
HAMAS FIGHTERS S STORMED THE
KIBBUTZ BE'ERI.
HIS 8-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER EMILY
WAS SLEEPING AT A FRIEND'S
HOUSE.
THOMAS COULD NOT REACH HER AS
HAMAS FIGHTERS TOOK OVER THE
KIBBUTZ.
DAYS AFTER THE ATTACK, THE
IRISH-BORN FATHER SPOKE WITH
CNN'S CLARISSA WARD ABOUT THE
MOMENT HE WAS TOLD HIS DAUGHTER
HAD BEEN KILLED.
>> THOMAS WAITED TWO AGONIZING
DAYS BEFORE GETTING THE NEWS.
>> THEY JUST SAID WE FOUND
EMILY.
SHE'S DEAD.
AND I WENT, YES.
I WENT, YES.
AND SMILED.
BECAUSE THAT IS THE BEST NEWS OF
THE POSSIBILITIES THAT I KNEW
SHE'D BE IN A DARKROOM FILLED
WITH CHRIST KNOWS HOW MANY
PEOPLE, AND TERRIFIED EVERY
MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, AND POSSIBLE
YEARS TO COME.
SO DEATH WAS A BLESSING.
AN ABSOLUTE BLESSING.
>> THOMAS SAYSEAEADERS OF THE
BE'ERI'S KIBBUTZ TOLD HIM THE
BODY WAS SEEN IN THE AFTERMATH.
A MONTH AFTER THE MASSACRE,
THOMAS WAS GIVEN THE NEWS THAT
ALMOST MADE HIM COLLAPSE.
THE ISRAELI ARMY TOLD HIM IT'S
HIGHLY PROBABLE THAT EMILY IS
ALIVE AND A HAMAS HOSTAGE.
>> HOW WERE YOU TOLD THE NEWS
THAT EMILY MIGHT BE ALIVE?
>> THAT WAS OFFICIAL FROM THE
ARMY.
WITH ALL THE INFORMATION THAT
THEY HAVE, THE INTELLIGENCE THAT
THEY HAVE, IT'S VERY LIKELY THAT
SHE'S BEEN TAKEN TO GAZA.
>> THOMAS SAYS HER BODY IS NOT
WITH THE REMAINS OF THE VICTIMS,
AND THERE'S NO BLOOD INSIDE THE
HOME WHERE SHE SLEPT THE NIGHT
BEFORE.
>> WHEN YOU SPOKE WITH CLARISSA
WARD A FEW WEEKS AGO, YOU SAID
DEATH WOULD BE A BLESSING IN
THIS SITUATION.
>> THAT'S HOW I FELT AT THE
TIME, YEAH.
>> Reporter: HOW DO YOU DESCRIBE
WHERE YOU ARE NOW?
>> EXTREMELY WORRIED ABOUT HER,
OBVIOUSLY.
WHAT CONDITIONS SHE'S BEEN HELD
IN.
SHE'S, YOU KNOW, MORE THAN
LIKELY IN A TUNNEL SOMEWHERE
UNDER GAZA.
YOUR IMAGINATION IS HORRIBLE.
AND IT'S HER BIRTHDAY ON THE
17th OF THIS MONTH.
SHE'LL BE 9.
SHE WON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT DAY IT
IS.
SHE WON'T KNOW IT'S HER
BIRTHDAY.
THERE WILL BE NO BIRTHDAY CAKE,
NO PARTY, NO FRIENDS.
JUST BE PETRIFIED IN A TUNNEL
UNDER GAZA.
THAT'S HER BIRTHDAY.
>> Reporter: THOMAS IS NOW
FLOODED WITH THE HOPE AND THE
DESPAIR OF WHAT HIS DAUGHTER
MIGHT BE ENDURING.
HE PRAYS SHE CAN SOMEHOW HEAR
THESE WORDS TO HER.
>> IF EMILY IS WATCHING, JUST TO
LET HER KNOW THAT WE LOVE HER,
ALL OF US.
WE'RE ALL WAITING FOR HER TO
COME BACK SAFELY.
>> Reporter: THE SURVIVORS OF
THE KIBBUTZ ARE TEMPORARILY
LIVING IN A HOTEL.
IN THE LOBBY, THERE'S A VIGIL TO
ALL THE KIDNAPPED HOSTAGES.
NOW EMILY'S FAMILY SAYS THE
YOUNG GIRL'S PHOTO WILL BE
PLACED NEXT TO THE OTHERS.
>> Reporter: YOU DESCRIBED AS
BEING A HOSTAGE AS WORSE THAN
DEATH.
>> I BELIEVE SO.
THE UNKNOWN IS AWFUL.
THE WAITING IS AWFUL.
BUT THAT'S WHAT WE GOT TO DO
NOW.
PRAY AND HOPE THAT SHE COMES
BACK IN SOME BROKEN STATE, BUT
WE CAN FIX HER.
WE'LL FIX HER SOMEHOW.
>> Reporter: DO YOU ALLOW
YOURSELF NOW TO THINK ABOUT
HOLDING EMILY AGAIN?
>> IN MY HEAD, I CAN SEE, YOU
KNOW, LIKE A BEACH SCENE, HER
RUNNING TO ME, AND ME RUNNING TO
HER, JUST PICKING HER UP, NEVER
LETTING HER GO.
>> Reporter: REMARKABLY THOMAS
HAND SAYS HE FEELS NO ANGER
ABOUT THIS ROLLER COASTER OF
EMOTIONS HE'S BEEN ON.
HE BIEVES THE LEADERS OF THE
KIBBUTZ WERE DOING THEIR BEST IN
THE HARROWING EARLY DAYS OF THE
ATTACK.
HE HARBORS NO ILL WILL.
HE'S NOT ANGRY.
HIS FOCUS IS SOLELY ON GETTING
HIS DAUGHTER BACK.
HE IS GRATEFUL FOR THE
OUTPOURING OF LOVE AND SUPPORT
HE'S GETTING FROM COUNTLESS
PEOPLE HERE IN THIS COUNTRY AND
AROUND THE LOVE.
>> E